HR MANAGER

Ss

To obtain a position that offers many opportunities for growth and development that will enhance my existing knowledge in Management and
Leadership. In return, I will give my very best to the company so it can achieve its goals and aspirations to continue future success.

Highlights

Leadership skills

Providing focus and direction

to subordinates

Motivating employees to do

better

Accuracy and attention to

detail

Ability to work as part ofa ° Excellent interpersonal, planning and organizational skills

team © A teamplayer who handles multiple projects simultaneously in a fast paced environment
PossessA effective © Proficient ina variety of computer software programs: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft
communication and Access, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Publisher, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Visio, Lotus
influencing skills Notes

Strong analytical and

problem solving skills

Possess a strong work ethic

and a high level of

professionalism

Experience
Company Name City , State HR Manager 04/2015 to Current

°

Supervises, coaches, and counsels staff

Guides employees through the various employment processes such as corrective action and documentation. Ensures consistency and
faimess, resolving complex policy related issues, conducting investigations, and make appropriate recommendations as needed.

Provides guidance in developing employees for transfer and promotion.

Manages the annual talent review, performance goal setting, performance review, development planning and compensation planning
processes.

Designs, implements, and facilitates new employee assimilation, orientation, coaching sessions, teambuilding, and interventions to increase
team effectiveness. A

Mentors less experienced staff

Participates in special projects or completes other duties as assigned.

Company Name City , State Office Operations Manager 04/2013 to 03/2015

Provide first point of contact and daily fiinctional administrative support to leadership/executive staff/work unit.

Implement quality improvement ideas and Monthly audit of security policies, ensuring the company is in compliance with the guidelines
Communicate and report directly to Vice President regarding team performance and attendance Plan, manage and communicate special
projects and events; e.g, employee recognition programs, community activities, etc.

Prepare customer correspondence.

Serve as liaison between support staff and other divisions/department Assist with the administration of the day-to-day operations of the
hun~n resources fimctions and duties, such as employee orientation, development, and recordkeeping,

Company Name City , State Customer Support Manager 10/2012 to 03/2013

Manage an enuil support team of ten members, who provided information to customers concerning their order status and accounts by
researching online.

Train all new incoming employees on all systems and customers handling skills.

Project Lead on nulltiple projects and responsible for planning, executing, and keeping the projects on time.

Handle all escalated customer related issues.

Company Name City , State Teller 02/2010 to 08/2011

Processing transactions for customers to help them manage their finances.

Record all transactions promptly, accurately and in compliance with bank procedures.
Ensure compliance with all internal controls and established policies and procedures.
Explain, advise on and promote bank products and services to customers.

Company Name City , State Retail Support 02/2008 to 01/2010

5 a ed ia) oF nw . are oa! of imiocs aro: og eal + ims: 1 ae. 7
