HR MANAGER/BUSINESS PARTNER
Summary
A Hunn Resources Business Partner with extensive experience aligning HR strategy with business strategy for assigned business groups.
Employee Relations Coaching/Mentoring Talent Acquisition Salary Plannng Organizational Design Workforce Planning Talent Management
Succession Planning Change Management Development
Highlights

© Lominger Korn/Ferry Certifications: Talking Talent, Succession Architect, Voices 360 and

° Leadership Architect HRIS 4€“ Workday, PeopleSoft, Oracle, HR Workways / Taleo

e Excellent Written and Verbal Communication Skills

© Sel£motivated, detail oriented, organized, customer focused

© Maintains high level of confidentiality

° Proficient with MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook

© Talent management
Performance management strategies ° Employee Relations
© Coaching
Employment law knowledge © Talent Acquisition
° Workforce planning
Employee relations
Manager coaching and traming
HIS applications proficient
Experience
HR Manager/Business Partner

January 2000 to January 2014 Company Name 14 City , State

e Point ofcontact for multiple business groups of 400+ employees including various support groups Finance, Legal, IT, etc.) and other
business units such as Manufacturng, Marketing, and Service.

e Strategic Business Partner 4€“ Partnered with Vice Presidents, Directors, and other management on workforce planning, talent

management, change management, and building organizational capability.

Employee Relations - Responded to and facilitated the resolution of employee relations issues (ie.

performance concerns, investigations, terminations, and day to day questions).

Partnered with legal counsel as needed.

Talent Management - Provided coaching and feedback to managers and employees on talent management activities including performance

management, training and development, organizational capability assessment, strategy and planning,

Facilitated annual calibration, salary planning, and talent reviews.

© Workforce Planning - Partnered with Talent Acquisition to drive recruitment strategies and processes including review and approval of
requisitions and strategy sessions.

© Partnered with management on their staffing requirements, identified skill gaps, analyzed and communicated trends, and implemented
retention initiatives.

© Designed, developed and executed HR plans within assigned business groups to support overall corporate and business unit direction.

© Partnered and collaborated with other HR fimctions (ie.

© Compensation, Talent Acquisition, HRIS, T&OD) to develop, implement, maintain and deliver, value added companywide service to both
management and employees.

° Change Managerrent: Facilitated and managed organizational change such as reorganizations, leadership changes or reductions in force.

© Compliance: Assured client group compliance with legal requirements across diverse areas of human resources.

ooo oa

°o

Senior Hunan Resources Generalist
January 1997 to January 2000 Company Name 14 City , State

Point of contact for client group of 400+ employees ina fast paced, high volume-manufacturing environment.

Strategic business partner with Vice President, Directors, and other management.

Kept executive updated on areas such as morale issues, hiring needs, headcount, effective communication and management style, etc.
Talent Acquisition: Managed a work load of 50+ open requisitions at any given time (Exempt and Non-exempt positions) Employee
Relations: Handled employee relations’ issues for client groups (ie.

© performance, sexual harassment, violence, investigations, mediations, termmnations and day to day questions).

© Benefits: Admmnistered benefits and compensation and tracked leave of absences.

© Workers Compensation: Filed and monitored Workers' Compensation claims, and OSHA reporting,

Associate Human Resources Representative
January 1992 to January 1997 Company Name 14 City , State

e Administered company benefit programs for 800 employees including Flexible Benefits, 4010), and COBRA; maintained vendor relations;
prepared monthly insurance billings.
© Employee relations: Responsible for employee relations issues for a client group of 100 employees.
