HR BUSINESS PARTNER
Summary

Proactive Human Resources Business Partner guiding performance management, talent planning and benefits. Decisive with proven success
providing employee relations support and oversight for efficient operations. Extensive knowledge and experience developing code of business
conduct and ethics policies.

Skills

°
°
°
°

Leadership development © Time management

Collaborative ° Conflict mediation

Organization and efficiency © Selfstarter

Exemplary verbal and written communication ° HR experience in Technology Field

Professional Experience
BR Business Partner | Company Name - City , State | 08/2020 - 01/2021

°

ooo 36

Served as the primary point of contact for the HR department for each assigned network by providing direct assistance or connecting them
with the appropriate HR Specialist.

Advised supervisors and management in performance management strategies and interventions, including reviews of disciplinary procedures
and actions and recommendations for separations of employment.

Assisted with formal and informal inquiriesand investigations in conjunction with external legal counsel as necessary.

Identified areas of opportunity for change initiatives that will positively influence assigned network performance and success.

Worked with assigned networks! leadership to develop strategies and interventions for problems areas, such as turnover and compliance
with training, evaluations, and other employment related requirements.

Assisted and advised network leadership on departmental structure and job creation and analysis, including editing of job descriptions and
developing appropriate wages.

Served as HR representative in cross-finctional Agency projects and initiatives by connecting HR solutions with assigned networks' needs
to ensure alignment with Agency values and strategic objectives.

Ensured adequate staffing levels for assigned networks and develops strategies, in conjunction with the Recruitment and Hiring team, to
recruit qualified staff

Interpreted and explained human resources policies, procedures, laws, standards, and/or employment regulations to employees and
management in assigned networks.

Served as employee advocate by meeting with employees and addressing concerns.

Collaborated with other HR Business Partner frequently to ensure alignment of practices across Agency and to share resources and ideas.
Reviewed and analyzed metrics and data; provides recommendations based on findings to executive management as needed.

Reported quarterly to the Human Resources Manager on key performance indicators, strategies and initiatives, employee relations actions
taken, and other items as assigned.

Maintained current knowledge of human resources federal and state laws including Equal Employment Opportunity EEO), ADA,
Affordable Care Act (ACA), Wage and Hour, Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA), USERRA, etc.

Sr. HR Consultant and TA Specialist | Company Name - City , State | 02/2018 - 04/2020

°
°
°
°
°
°

Developed staffing strategies to fill vacancies and define position allocations.

Reviewed referral candidates and contacted qualified individuals to request applications.

Planned and executed recruitment events to bring in area candidates.

Facilitated organizational development initiatives to conduct performance management and talent assessment.

Implemented employee engagement and development activities, presentations and training to maximize productivity and unite workforce.
Listened to clients' needs and assisted with identifying and securing appropriate services.

Hunan Resources Consultant IV | Company Name - City , State | 05/2014 - 02/2018

°

°

°

Established measures to promote diversity and drive equal access to opportunity and advancement.

Facilitated strategies planning through effective partnerships with leaders.

Aided senior leadership during executive decision-making process, generating daily human resources reports on metrics and policies to
recommend corrective actions and improvements.

Advised leadership on HR-related issues, including vacation and sick time, benefits, job services and employment discrepancies.

Developed hiring and recruitment policies to drive transparent and fair hiring process for selecting candidates on basis of merit and relevance
with job.

Performed sensitive and confidential investigations into misconduct issues in workplace, detailing all incidents in reports.

Liaised between employees and senior leadership to address inquiries, complete contract processing and foster problem resolution.

Principal Consultant | Company Name - City , State | 05/2011 - 05/2014

Built a successful consulting business serving private and public sector businesses. Marketed business in Anchorage and Juneau, Alaska and
Phoenix, Arizona.

Established excellent rapport and professional relationships with business leaders.
